my name is Tracy Ellis Ross I'm playing
grace Davis who is a singing superstar I
come from a legacy of singing Grace
Davis is nothing like my mom but it is a
world that I know as a kid it was
something I always wanted to do and for
this role I had to face the dream and
the fear all along the first day I went
into recording it was a little bit like
meeting a monster
[Music]
but to be working with someone like
Rodney who is a seasoned pro a little
bit more emphasis on a stop
beautiful just felt way more comfortable
than I expected
[Music]
I'm the girl still give me goosebumps
traces sounds so good singing she sound
like she'd been sing it forever she has
a great presence a new album that is
what you should be doing could be fun
Tracy is really incredible
she has been prepping so much for this
film and has really transformed into the
full-blown icon grace you are the song
you should not be buried under all this
flashy garbage
I was very important to me to anchor
Grace's identity in the fact that she's
a powerful black woman I will decide
what I do next this is that turning
point where she can either keep going
down the road she's been on or she can
let her secrets be her gifts and
actually let her heart fly in the
history of music only five women over 40
have ever had a number one in and only
one of them was black
if everyone
[Music]
there's so much great music in the film
their songs all have a different special
place in my heart because music is a
world that is home for me so it's been
fun to share that
[Music]